All right.
The last thing I want to say for this electrical potential right here is let's revisit our conductors.
If you remember if I had a conductor for example a piece of copper right.
Well and if I charged it up for example if I remove some of the free electrons here.
Well that means that if you remember that charge would have to be at the surface and if it has an odd
shape it's not going to be evenly distributed.
You tend to have a little bit more charge near the sharp edges and fewer charges kind of along the straighter
sections.
But let me draw some positive charges remember that the charges are at the surface for conductors.
What else do we say about conductors.
There was something really really special about inside the conductor.
Right.
The electric field inside although you'd have to calculate it from all of these charges at the end if
you did it carefully.
You'd have to get that the electric field inside is equal to zero.
Well let's think about what that means if it's zero and let's think about it maybe just in terms of
this one corner right here.
That means that if I go from this point that this point is zero over here and it's zero over here this
could be an initial position this could be some final position right.
As I move from one to the other there is no electric field what what would that mean in terms of the
electrical potential again.
If you think about what the definition is it would be that change in the voltage over the change in
x positions right here.
Now if my electric field inside we just said was zero what does that mean and how do I get to zero from
the right hand side of this expression.
This is v final minus V initial and over the change in x that's right here x final minus X initial.
The only way I can have that the only way I can get zero right here is if both of these guys are actually
equal to each other I can only get zero if the initial voltage is the voltage at this point is actually
equal to the voltage at that point.
That's the only way I can have that.
And now you can make the argument if he is inside.
Well I could choose points going in the opposite direction right now.
And I chose these two points.
This would be some initial why this would be some final why.
Again if the field is zero inside there's no electric field component in the vertical direction here.
The only way I could have that is if the voltage here has to be equal to the voltage here.
They must be equal to each other.
And you could do that for every single point inside this conductor.
So at the end what this means is that the entire conductor is on every potential
this entire conductor is at the same voltage.
That's the only way.
That same voltage.
So if I remove some electrons it would probably add some positive voltage for example it could be at
20 volts it's 20 volts everywhere inside this conductor it has to be the same.
Otherwise we would have an electric field if it was 20 volts over here and 10 volts right here I would
have a variation of voltage with space but I can't have that.
I do require that the electric feel inside a conductor is always zero.